Docs: Updating documentation for `angular_support_enabled` (#88840)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

### angular_support_enabled

> This is set to false by default, meaning that the angular framework and support components will not be loaded. This means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag is set to false by default, meaning that the AngularJS framework and support components will not be loaded. This means that
```

> When set to false the angular framework and support components will not be loaded. This means that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is set to false by default, meaning that the angular framework and support components will not be loaded. This means that
```
Removes ambiguity that default is true

> all [plugins]({{< relref "../../developers/angular_deprecation/angular-plugins" >}}) and core features that depend on angular support will stop working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all [plugins]({{< relref "../../developers/angular_deprecation/angular-plugins" >}}) and core features that depend on AngularJS support will stop working.
```
